Manager Kim is now
Legend agency rights for this game
Did we take it?
It seems that your ghost hand is also an orderly name
Kawasaki this game
No one is playing in our country anymore.
But you still have to take a picture of it.
You are really a frog in a well
No one played in your country before you
Does no one play in our country?
Just say it
Is this game for sale?
Mengyao
How do you threaten me?
Fair Auction Price High
Why threaten these hahaha
It seems that you are really an old man
People are stupid and have a lot of money
Okay, I'll sell it to you.
You can pay 2 million welcome fee
I'll sell you the agency rights to this game
2 million welcome fee
I've never heard of such a fee.
We are too large
Come all the way to buy you games
Isn't it right to loan money and give a welcome fee?
Hahahaha
You are naked asking for a bribe
Hey, beautiful woman, don't worry
If you would like to accompany me for one night
The most expensive thing to do
It can also be negotiated.
A little assistant who peddles power for personal gain
So arrogant